# Cs-340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? Creating programs that are easy to read with good commenting is the easiest way to accomplish this. Having variable names that are easily remembered or identified helps greaty in readibility. By making it easy to identify what is happenign and what it is interacting with makes the code easier to read, maintain and by extension adaptable. Creating a CRUD application first helped narrow the logic used and left things open ended and easily adaptable for future use. This CRUD module can be used for viturally any similar database with a few changes and can continue to interact with mongo databases if the necessary changes are made.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests? The biggest change I made was first identifying the database and how things were laid out in it. Finding the various columns and how they were named helped me in creating functions that can interact with the table then I took those columns of data and began finding ways that I could programatically interact with them. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? Computer Scientist develope software to solve or real-world problems, Essentially computer scientist are tool creators, they create the tools that users use to speed up effeciency and create more reliable ways to manage data. It is the goal of computer science to increase accuracy and workflows and hopefully make everyday tasks easier to deal with. This project helps companies like Grazioso Salvare by consolidating their data and giving it to them in a single place that is easily visualized. Instead of pouring through spreadsheets or relying on the one guy in the office that knows everything somehow they can consult the easy to use dashboard providing answers accurately and rapidly. 
